feat(AutoTLS): opt-in WSS certs from p2p-forge at libp2p.direct (#10521)
ipfs/kubo: docs/config.md

Type: `flag`

### `Swarm.ForgeClient`

Configuration options for optional [p2p-forge] client that provides Kubo with DNS+TLS+WebSockets multiaddrs that allow for direct connections from JS running in web browsers.

> The default settings use instance at `libp2p.direct` and TLS certificates from Let's Encrypt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, AutoTLS requests TLS certificates from Let's Encrypt and uses the `libp2p.direct` domain.
```

Type: `flag`

### `Swarm.AutoTLS`

AutoTLS enables publicly reachable Kubo nodes (those dialable from the public
internet) to automatically obtain a wildcard TLS certificate for a DNS name
unique to their PeerID at `*.[PeerID].libp2p.direct`. This enables direct
libp2p connections and retrieval of IPFS content from browsers using Secure
WebSockets, without requiring manual domain registration and configuration.

Under the hood, `libp2p.direct` acts as an [ACME DNS-01 Challenge](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/challenge-types/#dns-01-challenge)
broker for obtaining these wildcard TLS certificates.

By default, the certificates are requested from Let's Encrypt.

> Origin and rationale for this project can be found in [community.letsencrypt.org discussion].

Reviewer: Missing URL

> [!NOTE]
> Public good infrastructure at `libp2p.direct` is run by the team at [Interplanetary Shipyard](https://ipshipyard.com).
>
> <a href="http://ipshipyard.com/"><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39ed3504-bb71-47f6-9bf8-cb9a1698f272" /></a>

[p2p-forge]: https://github.com/ipshipyard/p2p-forge
[community.letsencrypt.org discussion]: https://community.letsencrypt.org/t/feedback-on-raising-certificates-per-registered-domain-to-enable-peer-to-peer-networking/223003

Default: `{}`

Type: `object`

#### `Swarm.AutoTLS.Enabled`

> [!CAUTION]

> > This is an EXPERIMENTAL feature and should not be used in production yet.

Reviewer: Should we create a discussion/issue specifically for feedback and link it here?

Reviewer 2: Created https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/issues/10560. 

I also moved `AutoTLS` to the top level of config file, just to future proof it. Rationale in https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/pull/10521/commits/73c3fd3d15d0ca9cd74aaea770166fa12e40bb2e

> Feel free to enable it and [report issues](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/issues/new/choose) if you want to help with testing.

Enables **EXPERIMENTAL** [p2p-forge] client. This feature works only if your Kubo node is publicly diallable.

If enabled, it will detect when `.../tls/sni/.../ws` is present in [`Addresses.Swarm`](#addressesswarm)
and SNI is matching `Swarm.AutoTLS.DomainSuffix`, and set up a trusted TLS certificate matching the domain name used in Secure WebSockets (WSS) listener.

> If you want to test this, add `/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/4082/tls/sni/*.libp2p.direct/ws` to [`Addresses.Swarm`](#addressesswarm).

Reviewer 2: Not yet, we need https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/pull/2984 for that. 

The idea is that TCP port sharing will land in go-libp2p before we enable AutoTLS by default.
For opt-in, using separate port is fine, just need to remember to remind people that they need to safelist additional port on their firewall.
